yo what is going on everybody welcome
back to another YouTube video so in this
one I got a really good Banger video for
you guys this is going to make your game
feel crazy right after as long as you do
every step properly and you follow the
instructions given so the first thing
we're going to basically talk about is
timer resolution and why you should only
watch this video and do this video on
these specific Windows versions so timer
resolution after the 2020 May update of
Windows 10 which is Windows 10 2004
that's the spefic version number after
that update time resolution pretty much
stopped working and you can't really use
it how it used to work so the two fixes
for that are pretty much you go to
Windows 11 and you can restore the
previous functionality of time
resolution with just a simple registry
key on that only works on Windows 11 or
you go to an older Windows 10 version
that is below the 2004 version but some
of your games might not work as good or
they won't launch at all so for most of
you this might mean just go Switch to
Windows 11 or go to an older Windows
version if you don't really care about
some of the games that don't work on
there but if you are on Windows 11 and
if you're on those older Windows 10
versions that is below 2004 and
basically how to check that is pretty
simple you just pretty much go to your
windows search bar on Windows 11 or on
Windows 10 you just type wiver all in
one word it's going to open up this and
as you can see version 23 H2 now it's
going to say version 2004 202 so it just
depends if you're and anything above
2004 and you're on Windows Windows 10
then you're going to have an issue with
time resolution not working so either
Switch to Windows 11 or go to an older
Windows 10 version now once you've done
that you can pretty much come back to
this video and you can go to the link in
the description and download the proper
timer resolution pack and this is going
to basically do the most handy work for
us so we don't have to constantly switch
between Time Resolutions and figure out
what the best one is and while we're
doing this is because 0.5 Ms for your
time resolution isn't always the best
for every PC some PCS do perfectly fine
with 0.5 but some PCS perform even worse
with 0.5 so this is especially prevalent
on laptops as I've seen some of them
even go up to 6 the6 is sometimes the
best time resolution for them so let's
get started all you want to do once once
you have it downloaded go to your
downloads folder and proper time
resolution. zip is going to be here
going to right click on this click
extract all press extract the password
is pretty much just going to be zilly
2024 all in one word and then just open
up the proper time resolution folder and
if you're on Windows 11 you have have to
apply this before doing anything please
do this so all you're going to do is
going to double click on this registry
file you're going to press yes and then
you're going to press yes on or you sure
want to continue and then press okay and
then restart your PC make sure to
restart your PC before continuing after
you apply that register key it's really
important all right so you're going to
pretty much go to you put this in your C
drive folder right here going to
highlight all of this going to right
click going to click show more options
copy go to this PC local dis right click
show more options paste and then I'm
going to click continue as you see all
these will paste so I'm going to go back
to download I'm going to go to proper
time resolution I'm going to go to the
folder I'm going to go to stress test
and double click on Prime 95. exe press
just stress testing and then you're
going to choose small fffft TS and we're
not going to press okay yet so we're
going to run this stress test while
we're benchmarking the timer resolutions
and we have to do this in order to get a
consistent result and to get the proper
timer resolution being called so if you
don't run the stress test you will have
problems so if you do just do this
without the stress test again you're
probably going to be on the worst time
resolution for your PC so make sure you
run the stress test and just a fair
warning if your PC for whatever reason
shuts off in the middle of the stress
test then that means your CPU Cooler
your thermop paste or some issue is
going on with your PC that is way bigger
than just time resolution so if that
happens you need to check your CPU
cooling you need to check your thermal
paste and go replace it but before we
get started and press okay again you're
going to have to restart your PC and
make sure that registry key is applied
or else time resolution will not work
properly so I'm going to go do that real
quickly start your PC and the registry
key is applied and you're good to go
that means time resolution is going to
work properly and we won't have any
issues so before we get started we're
going to go to our Powershell you're
going to type Powershell in the search
menu you're going to run as
administrator make sure you press that
press yes and as you can see Powershell
will be as administrator now go to the
description of this video you're going
to copy the PO shell command that we're
going to be using so just copy it paste
it in here press enter and then you're
going to press a then press enter again
and this is going to make sure the
script for the micro benchmarking of the
Time Resolutions going to work without
any issues going to go back to our fire
Explorer we're going to go to downloads
we're going to go to proper time
resolution we going to open up our
stress test and then choose small ffts
press okay and as you see it will start
stress testing our CPU and we're going
to go back Powershell make sure it's an
administrator is a really important step
we're going to type CD dot dot and we're
going to type CD dot dot and then we're
going to type micro and we're going to
press tab on our keyboard micro adjust
Benchmark PS1 make sure it says that
after pressing Tab and you're going to
press enter and as you can see it will
start benchmarking the Tim resolutions
for us so as you see it's going to take
about 5.1 minutes for this test to
finish up completely so let this run for
about 5 minutes don't really mess with
your PC you don't have anything else
open just have the stress test and the
micro adjust Benchmark right here open
and once it's done the window will close
and then you can close out of the stress
test so I'm going to let this do its
thing so as you can see guys it's going
to be almost done here in a second so
it's going to close out here in now so
it's going to say results are saved in
results.txt so it's going to be in ourc
drive so just ignore that for now all
we're want to do we're going to go to
Prime 95 we're going to click exit on
the file and so that pretty much just
lets the PC stop stress testing itself
and it should quiet down now so once
you're here all you want to do you can
close out of this now and all you want
to do is go to your C drive and you
should find the results.txt file and
it's a really important file we're going
to be dragging this into a graph
visualizer to see which time resolution
gave us the lowest Delta which basically
is the lowest latency from 1 ms so we
want the time resolution to get us as
close as to 1 ms as possible so this
should show us which of those timer
resolution values gives us the lowest
Delta aka the lowest latency from 1ms so
let's see what we are working with so go
to the graph Link in the description and
it's going to take you to this online
graph maker and by the way guys this is
all thanks to EMT on GitHub so go visit
his GitHub if you are looking to find
more information about this basically
all the stuff that we're using is from
his GitHub so really cool guy really
cool stuff and definitely really really
helpful and it's kind of crazy that
people like that are making tools for us
to use like this so we're going to click
on import we're going to click on upload
and then we're going to go to this PC
local dis and then choose the
results.txt make sure you choose this
right press open and as you can see it
will load up this whole sheet right here
so this really important all you need to
do is Click Trace change the type to
line X change that to requested
resolution Ms Y change this to Delta M
so as you see it's pretty much all over
the place but basically all you want to
do is look for the lowest point which is
going to be right here .52 so as you can
see you just need to look for that and
if you need to zoom in you can zoom in
like this for example and you can look
at the lowest point here but as you can
see this is the lowest point it gave me
the lowest Delta so 0. 52 gave me
0.036 Deltas so that's the difference
between 1 ms so that's just 036 so now
once you find this out once you find
this value go back to our fire Explorer
right click on set timer resolution
click show more options create shortcut
just press yes go to your desktop right
click on set time resolution shortcut
show more options properties space and
Target after set time resolution. exe
and this is really important this is a
really important command so we're going
to paste the command from a description
this is just going to be the stock
command if you haven't run the Benchmark
so make sure that you don't just leave
it like this we're going to be changing
the 0.5 so as you see resolution 5,000
so this is just basically after the
point that's what the this means so for
me 0. 52 so I'll change the next zero
after 5 to two so as you see it's going
to be 5,200 so basically you just do the
same thing so for examp example if it
was 0508 it would be 5,000 and then 80
so you just do that and once you do that
just press apply press okay and then
right click on this you're going to
click cut going to search on the file
explor shell colon startup press enter
paste this in here and as you can see
from now on time resolution will
automatically start on your PC every
time you turn it on so you don't have to
do this again or constantly open up this
file restart your PC and this will
automatically run so I'm going to double
click on this just to double check
something so go back to this PC local
disc right click on measure sleeve click
when as administ trator press yes and as
you can see our Delta is pretty low 0303
so as you can see 1 ms and then whatever
Delta it is so this is really low this
pretty good for a stock Windows
installation with no optimizations so
this is really really good and basically
you just want something similar like
this if you have like weird hiccups
where it shoots up to 05 instead of 0 Z
then you might want to try a different
resolution from this graph like maybe a
little bit higher or a little bit lower
but again you just want to make sure
that you use whatever the the lowest is
on this graph so for me it was 052 for
you it might be completely different or
completely high or completely low it
doesn't really matter just make sure you
get that number right and then you put
it into the shortcut of set time
resolution and then you're pretty much
good to go you can pretty much delete
the measure sleeve file and result
result files you can delete these but
just keep set timer resolution in C
drive cuz this will run every time you
start up your PC but yeah guys that's
pretty much it for this guide every time
you start up your PC you should have
time resolution running in the
background and to double check that just
go to your task manager scroll down and
just find set time resolution running so
as you can see it's right here it's
running constantly and you don't really
have to worry about it again so really
important guys again this only works on
Windows 11 and on Windows 10 versions
that are older than 2004 so if you're on
Windows 10 2004 or above this is not
going to work if you're on Windows 11 it
is going to work just make sure you run
the registry file that is included in
the pack but anyways guys this should
practically change how your game feels
this should make your mouse feel
literally insane you'll have better aim
you'll have lower input delay and
everything should be snappier and faster
so if you guys enjoyed this leave a like
comment down below what you guys thought
about this video subscribe to this
YouTube channel to make sure you never
miss an upload and if you guys are
interested in a PC optimization service
completely done by me and pretty much go
over all of your bio settings all the
way to custom OS and through your
windows settings and just general stuff
like this that not a lot of people know
about or is not really that popular then
go to the link in the description and
book an optimization service but that's
going to be it for me guys hope you guys
enjoyed I'll see you guys in the next
one peace peace out